README.md, before:

## "Reveal Active File Button" Obsidian Plugin

<!-- toc -->
## Contents

  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Changelog](#changelog)
  * [Related Plugins](#related-plugins)
  * [Thanks](#thanks)<!-- endToc -->

Use a single click to make the [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md) File Explorer/Navigator show your active file, for example to find neighbouring files.

## Usage

To scroll Obsidian File Explorer/Navigator show your active file, click on the crosshairs icon:

![RevealActiveFile](docs/reveal-active-file-icon.png)

The result:

![ActiveFileRevealed](docs/active-file-highlighted.png)

## Changelog

See [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

## Related Plugins

- [Collapse All](https://github.com/OfficerHalf/obsidian-collapse-all)
  - This plugin collapses and expands the file explorer
  - It is compatible with this plugin: both can be installed, and are useful alongside each other, as shown in this image:  
  ![collapse-all-and-reveal-active](docs/collapse-all-and-reveal-active.png)
- [Automatically Reveal Active File](https://github.com/shichongrui/obsidian-reveal-active-file)
  - Use this if you always want the navigator to show the active file
  - And you don't mind Obsidian jumping away from other views, like Search results or the Tags panel

## Thanks

- This code is heavily based on Nathan Smith's [Collapse All](https://github.com/OfficerHalf/obsidian-collapse-all) plugin, with thanks.

Commit message:

Note the built-in equivalent options in Obsidian

README.md, after:

## "Reveal Active File Button" Obsidian Plugin

<!-- toc -->
## Contents

  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Changelog](#changelog)
  * [Related Plugins](#related-plugins)
  * [Thanks](#thanks)<!-- endToc -->

Use a single click to make the [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md) File Explorer/Navigator show your active file, for example to find neighbouring files.

This is a convenient addition to these built-in options already included in Obsidian:

- The command "File explorer: Reveal active file in navigation"
- The pane menu option "Reveal file in navigation"

## Usage

To scroll Obsidian File Explorer/Navigator show your active file, click on the crosshairs icon:

![RevealActiveFile](docs/reveal-active-file-icon.png)

The result:

![ActiveFileRevealed](docs/active-file-highlighted.png)

## Changelog

See [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

## Related Plugins

- [Collapse All](https://github.com/OfficerHalf/obsidian-collapse-all)
  - This plugin collapses and expands the file explorer
  - It is compatible with this plugin: both can be installed, and are useful alongside each other, as shown in this image:  
  ![collapse-all-and-reveal-active](docs/collapse-all-and-reveal-active.png)
- [Automatically Reveal Active File](https://github.com/shichongrui/obsidian-reveal-active-file)
  - Use this if you always want the navigator to show the active file
  - And you don't mind Obsidian jumping away from other views, like Search results or the Tags panel

## Thanks

- This code is heavily based on Nathan Smith's [Collapse All](https://github.com/OfficerHalf/obsidian-collapse-all) plugin, with thanks.
